---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/college/capstone/capstone-writing/pre-draft-introduction/","tags":["draft","outline"]}
---


#### Introduction: Pre-draft
For my Capstone I decided to work on something that is close to my heart, what teaching methods best help autistic students and how each method could look and some tools that could be adapted for any classroom, any class, any grade.   I want to help students that could be struggling and having a select number of teaching methods I can go back to look at with research backing them and how they benefit students with autism. In  creating this project I want to create a website that will encompass all of this and more as time goes on, when i have my own classroom maybe I will add my own personal notes on which one I have tried, some other tools. To create a sort of tool box for myself as a teacher that I can have at the ready at a moment's notice. Having effective teaching methods tailored for autistic students, such as the use of visual supports and structured routines, can significantly enhance engagement and understanding, thereby creating a more inclusive educational environment that benefits all learners!

  

There is a baseline that I created, I wanted to look at what teachers were saying that they struggled with and how would I go about navigating these struggles if I ever were to experience them. Starting off, "Teachers’ perceptions of [Autism Spectrum Disorder] and inclusion appear to be shaped by both (1) their past or current experiences of autistic students, including the pervasiveness of child behavior problems and modification needs in the classroom, and (2)teacher variables, including training and perceived teaching efficacy."(Bolourian et al.) Meaning that if a teacher has a bad experience at some point with an autistic student, say the student was violent or even the teacher just wasn't prepared enough for the student that could shape the teachers perspective on autistic students in the future. One thing I thought about was how could a teacher be best prepared for any autistic students they come across. The thing with Autism is that sensory needs can become so overpowering it makes it hard to learn anything, so tackling these needs with things such as  covers over the lights on the ceiling, a sensory corner, or even allowing small quiet fidgets such as a tangle jr for students to have can allow them (and really any other student) to take a second to breath and center themselves again.

  

Another point I wanted to create as a baseline was structure, Autism generally requires some sort of structure or routine. Things such as a display to show what will happen in the day to even a timer for in class activities. "Teachers conveyed an understanding for the importance of predictable patterns and consistency, for example establishing routines, having clear expectations, and using consistent language (e.g., Routines, Consistent Supports, and Language Use). A reliance on classroom routines provides structure for autistic students, and in turn, students maybe more likely to be engaged in learning and less likely to demonstrate behavior problems."(Bolourian et al.) Having structure in place no matter the teaching style a teacher likes is essential to lessen the probability of behavior problems from students. Having these structures in place also allows for the teacher to have a predictability incase things get out of hand or lost in the process. Using all of this I also  considered the fact that a teachers attitude plays a large role on how students approach learning. If a teacher is not even showing interest in the class, the class wont show interest in the teacher.