---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/personal/daily-note/2025/05-may/2025-05-03/","tags":["sick","tired","tired/exausted","host","Court","anxiety","stomach-pain","ill","daily"]}
---

**<u>How did today feel:</u>** ★☆☆☆☆
# To do List
### Reoccurring Tasks

<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><a class="markdown-embed-link" href="/home-page/#reoccurring" aria-label="Open link"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" class="svg-icon lucide-link"><path d="M10 13a5 5 0 0 0 7.54.54l3-3a5 5 0 0 0-7.07-7.07l-1.72 1.71"></path><path d="M14 11a5 5 0 0 0-7.54-.54l-3 3a5 5 0 0 0 7.07 7.07l1.71-1.71"></path></svg></a><div class="markdown-embed">



## Reoccurring

- [ ] Do one load of Laundry  [repeat:: every week on Sunday]  [created:: 2025-05-04]  [start:: 2025-05-04]
- [ ] Clean up Trash in Bedroom  [priority:: high]  [repeat:: every week on Sunday]  [created:: 2025-05-04]  [start:: 2025-05-04]
- [ ] Eat  [repeat:: every day]  [created:: 2025-05-04]  [start:: 2025-05-04]
- [ ] Eat  [repeat:: every day]  [created:: 2025-05-04]  [start:: 2025-05-04]
- [ ] Shower  [repeat:: every 2 days]  [created:: 2025-05-04]  [start:: 2025-05-04]
- [ ] 


</div></div>

### One off Tasks

<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><a class="markdown-embed-link" href="/home-page/#one-off-tasks" aria-label="Open link"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" class="svg-icon lucide-link"><path d="M10 13a5 5 0 0 0 7.54.54l3-3a5 5 0 0 0-7.07-7.07l-1.72 1.71"></path><path d="M14 11a5 5 0 0 0-7.54-.54l-3 3a5 5 0 0 0 7.07 7.07l1.71-1.71"></path></svg></a><div class="markdown-embed">



## One off Tasks
- [ ] Clean out [[Personal/People/Courtney\|Courtney]]'s Car  [priority:: highest]  [created:: 2025-05-04]  [scheduled:: 2025-05-07]
- [ ] Dnd Maps (See [[Personal/People/Court(Partner)\|Court(Partner)]] and I's DMS  [priority:: highest]  [created:: 2025-05-04]  [due:: 2025-05-07]
- [ ] Art Final  [priority:: highest]  [created:: 2025-05-04]  [due:: 2025-05-05]


</div></div>


### Daily Tasks

<div class="transclusion internal-embed is-loaded"><a class="markdown-embed-link" href="/home-page/#daily-tasks" aria-label="Open link"><svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round" class="svg-icon lucide-link"><path d="M10 13a5 5 0 0 0 7.54.54l3-3a5 5 0 0 0-7.07-7.07l-1.72 1.71"></path><path d="M14 11a5 5 0 0 0-7.54-.54l-3 3a5 5 0 0 0 7.07 7.07l1.71-1.71"></path></svg></a><div class="markdown-embed">



## Daily Tasks
- [ ] Self Care
- [ ] Rest
- [ ] Eat (Small Meals)




</div></div>



# Today
---
**Who was front:** Unsure I know [[Personal/System/Lily\|Lily]] was here
**Any Time Loss:** ehh? 
	**If so When:** all day
**Emotions Felt Today:** #sick #stomach-pain #anxiety #tired/exausted #stomach-bug
**What happened Today:**
Honestly I went to bed at *3:00 am* and woke up at *4:30 am* with massive back, stomach and chest pain. I woke [[Personal/People/Mom\|Mom]] up cause I was in tears from how bad it hurt. I had a #fever and was very Clammy. Which honestly? Sucks really fucking bad. I spent a couple of hours pacing around trying to figure out why my stomach felt tight (Like if you pressed on it, it was enlarged and really tight) and eventually(with the help of some Icy hot) I threw up all of my dinner from Yesterday. That made the pain go away but I still couldnt sleep. I sat in #discord and tried to sleep while [[Personal/People/Armore (Partner)\|Armore (Partner)]] and [[Personal/People/Court(Partner)\|Court(Partner)]] took turns taking care of me. That in of it self was really hard but I let them because, I would want them to wake me if I needed it. 

Eventually I thought that a bath and fell asleep in the tub. The warmth helped a lot so I grabbed my heating pad and sat downstairs using it on full fucking blast on my back which made me feel so much better. When I went upstairs I asked [[Personal/People/Court(Partner)\|Court(Partner)]] to just sit with me... I really didn't want to be alone... and I was exausted... They sat with me and I fell asleep on call with them and it just felt like they were taking care of me which felt so nice...

When I woke up me and them talked alot which felt nice too and I threw up some more...  After we dropped oput of the call I slept till like *5:30pm* and woke up feeling a little better but I just i didn't want to be alone I wanted cuddles and someone to take care of me and I asked [[Personal/People/Court(Partner)\|Court(Partner)]] to just sit with me and they are on call with me while I write this...

I love them so much [[Personal/People/Armore (Partner)\|Armore (Partner)]] and [[Personal/People/Court(Partner)\|Court(Partner)]] both I love with all my fucking heart... I this is the first time I've actually woken them up needed support and help and they both jumped at the gun and were there immediatly which felt so nice that they both were there trying their best and [[Personal/People/Armore (Partner)\|Armore (Partner)]] tried so hard and I know they didn't know what to do but they still sat with me till I fell asleep even a little bit and I I fuck they are trying and it feels so nice it feels so so nice to just feel so taken care of while I'm probably dealing with #weed-withdrawls being so stressed im sick, and tired....

I I love them so much and I I can see they are trying so hard and I love them I love them I love them