---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/personal/journal/daily-note/2025/05-may/2025-05-13/","tags":["daily"]}
---

**<u>How did today feel:</u>** ★★★★★

---

### Fronting & Memory
- Who was front:  
- Any time loss: 
	-  Yes 
	- [x] No  
	- If so, when:  
- Memory of yesterday: 
	-  Yes
	- [x] Partial
	-  No  

---

### Emotions & Self Check-In
- Emotions felt today:  #tired/exausted #sad #triggered #upset #stressed #unsure  #restless #outofit #dissociation #unwell  
- One positive thing about today:  I Ate 2 times today!!!

---

### What Happened Today?

#### What i did today 
 -  `<01:40 AM>` Testing this 
 - @E `<02:02 AM>` #tired/exausted 
- `<02:02 AM>` Set up shortcuts for the quickadd 
- `<02:04 AM>` Going to bed 
 - ^ `<06:42 AM>` Woke up screaming 
 - ^ `<07:35 AM>`[[Personal/People/Mom\|Mom]] yelling at [[Personal/People/Courtney\|Courtney]] for pressing her emergency button to shut a neighbor up  
 - @E `<07:37 AM>` #sad #triggered 
 - @F `<08:36 AM>` Two pudding cups and a bagel at work
 - @D `<10:19 AM>` Feeling a little out of it and sleepy and just zoned out 
- `<10:43 AM>` I cant figure out how this work is wrong 
 - @E `<10:54 AM>` #restless  #tired/exausted  #outofit 
 - @E `<12:46 PM>` #upset #stressed #unsure  
- `<12:47 PM>` Mcla says i wont get tickets i i  fuck  
- @F `<12:56 PM> - <1:40 PM>` Ordered Five Guys and ate it 
- `<01:45 PM>` Walked home from work 
- `<02:15 PM>` Got home 
- @D `<03:10 PM>` Feel really out of it all the sudden 
- @E `<03:45 PM>` #dissociation #unwell #tired/exausted #outofit 
- `<03:50 PM>` going to lay down  brain just feels to out of it 
- `<09:47 PM>` Woke up from nap 
- `<10:18 PM>` Relaxing before doing work 
- `<10:39 PM> - <11:00 PM>` Write my Journal Entry 

#### Triggers 
- [[Personal/People/Mom\|Mom]] yelling at [[Personal/People/Courtney\|Courtney]] for pressing her Emergency Button to shut a neighbor up  
- Woke up screaming 
	- <span style="background:#40a9ff">Dream - </span>Having my past animals like *Simba*, *Shadow*, *Heidi*, *Peanut*, *Chance* all dying around me and I kept trying to scream but I couldn't. No one cared that they kept dying around me...
#### Journal Entry 
Today I used the Quick Add plugin, it really helped me stay present and not forget most of the day. I want the expectation for myself that I would only do it when I remembered but still it helped me so much. I only got really out of it 2 times which i feel so glad about. 

I am so happy today, I feel really productive. I worked really hard at work, Listened to my body and took a nap when I needed to, and even just relaxing before I do work. I am just so proud of myself all of this is so new but it really helped me. 

That dream really fucked me up... More than I think I realize. Having my past animals dying in my arms in the dream really fucks someone up...

At work [[Personal/People/Dad\|Dad]] had showed me a cover for a report he was doing for a client and the lawyer and I took that and edited that cover and made one that looked more KB Accounting and he - he said he was proud of me for it and I... It doesn't feel good coming from him. Why doesn't it feel good? It should... but i why doesn't it feel good? It's not fair. I am so mad that it doesn't feel good... It should but I guess since I haven't heard it at all from him unless he was yelling at me and gaslighting me puts me on edge cause I am expecting that part from him. I am expecting him to start telling me "I have always told everyone I was proud of you" and really anything from the fight we had on [[Personal/Journal/Daily Note/2025/01 - January/2025-01-23\|2025-01-23]] but it never came... so I am #nervous for that show to drop if it ever does... I hate this I hate living here. it makes me so nervous and #unsteady with being here... 

I don't know... I just don't know... 


---
- [x] Drink water 🟢 ❗
- [x] Open Daily Log 🟠❗
	- [x] Add 1 sentence to journal 🟠
- [x] Make Bed 🟠
- [x] Make Time for myself 🟢
