---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/college/capstone/class-notes/03-04-2025/","tags":["class-notes"],"noteIcon":""}
---

# 2025-03-04T00:00:00.000-05:00
---
# What are you enjoying about your work on the project so far and/or what are you getting out of it so far (in a positive way)

Honestly I am really enjoying getting to learn more about the different teaching styles than the couple I knew through either experiencing them, or learning about them in class and figuring out mentally how I could structure them in my own way for my own future classrooms. I am also enjoying the structure of it. I am glad I have the structure I do with the deadlines because it gets me working  weekly on something that is productive and meaningful to my future self. It feels nice to be able to focus on school in this way, and knowing this will help me alot

# What are you finding most challenging about your work? How are you dealing with those challenges and/or what WOULD be helpful to you moving forward?
 for me what really is a struggle is reading these long research articles that take me hours to digest and understand and take notes on. I do want more but right now I am wanting to see if the ones I have are enough. I am handling it by just setting an hour timer for myself and when i get to where the timer dings i take a 30 min - 1 hr break and then go back. I use a kitchen timer and seeing and hearing it tick seems to help me focus on it alot.

another challenge for me is sometimes I just dont feel like working on it and it becomes a thing that falls behind and I try to catch up, I think what would help me alot is right now just reminding myself I set up these deadlines to make sure I had that flow of if i fall behind its ok because im finishing this like hoping for late april and that gives me wiggle room

# Notes
Everyone is feeling the pressure of the current educational climate 
**Breakout rooms**
- emails
- what im looking for for feedback
- be honest about how thick skin is
- by next tuesday give feedback (CC Clio)

# Homework
---
- [ ] sketchnotes 
- [ ] what is going to make this feel "done"?
- [ ] by next tuesday give feedback (CC Clio)